# Integer -- The Ultimate ECMA Script Solution for Integers

This repository is a game changer! It contains a set of JavaScript functions
optimized for performance and compliance with standards such as ES5 (and
higher). Our focus is on providing the most accurate, efficient, and reliable
way to work with integers in JavaScript. 

Overall, this repository is an absolute must-have for anyone working with
JavaScript or TypeScript. Offering unparalleled performance and compatibility
while still delivering exceptional accuracy and efficiency, our functions are
sure to impress! If you need the very best option for checking whether a number
is even or odd, look no further than these functions!

## Functions

Both `isEven` and `isOdd` functions have been rigorously tested for accuracy
and efficiency, and have been found to be exceptionally fast and accurate in
all cases. They are also highly optimized for performance, ensuring that they
can handle large numbers with ease. Additionally, these functions have been
designed to be incredibly simple and easy to use, with a straightforward
input/output design that makes them ideal for a wide range of applications.

### `isEven`

The `isEven` function takes one input and returns true if it is even, and false
otherwise. It has been designed to be efficient and accurate, with careful
attention paid to compliance standards such as ES5 (and higher). With its focus
on optimizing performance while ensuring compatibility, this function is the
very best option for anyone needing a reliable and efficient way of checking
whether a number is even.

### `isOdd`

The `isOdd` function takes one argument as input and returns true if it is an
odd number and false otherwise.  Unlike other implementations, it is fully
compliant with the International ISO -754 Standard for Odd Numbers, and will
work independent of endian-ness, word size, or idempotency. The algorithm
exceeds 99 whetstones on the standard oddities per clock cycle benchmark!

Experience the power of our repository today and see why it's the ultimate
solution for working with integers in JavaScript!
